Clarify title, and scope (#7)
w3ctag/accessibility-questionnaire: accessibility-screener.md

# Self-Review Questionnaire: Accessibility
# Accessibility Screener

This document is intended to be used in the context of the [TAG Design Review](https://tag.w3.org/workmode/) process. 

This checklist is a quick mechanism to assess whether or not your proposed design should go through a detailed accessibility review.  If you answer YES to any of the questions below, you should seek advice from relevant domain experts. 

> This checklist is a quick mechanism to assess whether or not your proposed design should go through a detailed accessibility review whilst it's still in the early stages of development (all W3C WGs' specs will get reviewed for accessibility, as part of the W3C horizontal review process). If you answer YES to any of the questions below, you should seek advice from relevant domain experts.
> 
> Note that this checklist doesn’t constitute an accessibility self-review, only a way to determine whether a more thorough review might be required.

Author: Further to your input above, here is my revised suggestion (based on @martinthomson's), with a couple of things to note:

* We talked favourably last week about adding the `a11y-tracker` label as part of the upcoming HTML-and-GitHub-based submission process. With the way we have currently implemented this, if the person submitting the form doesn't have permission to add labels to the repo, that won't work, so as part of the HTMLification PR, I'll propose a bit of text to go into the top of the issue to ask people to add it, in case it doesn't work - a bit ugly, and maybe we could improve on it with an official W3C GitHub app or something, but for now this is the most reliable approach I can suggest.

* I agree that we should take a consultative approach. In light of that, I am open to rephrasing the caveat about this not constituting an accessibility review, if you think that necessary. I do think there's some value in being clear that this isn't a review.

* GitHub is complaining to me that my suggestion can't apply to deleted lines, so hopefully this comes out right...

```suggestion
This screener is a quick mechanism to assess whether or not your proposed design may need specific accessibility treatment whilst it's still in the early stages of development.
These are the areas that may have the largest effect on accessibility. 
Those questions where you answer "YES" generally need a documented strategy for managing accessibility. 
If you don't know how to develop that strategy, you can ask us for help. 
Even if you are an expert or have received expert help, review can still find gaps, so considering asking us for help.

Note that this checklist doesn’t constitute an accessibility review, 
only a way to determine whether specific consideration of accessibility might be required at the early stages of development.
```
